SPM - Add note for required workaroud for apps with extensions (#318)
braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in: README.md

> The `BraintreeDropIn` library offers Swift Package Manager support.

Reviewer: Unrelated to your PR, but I think we can delete this sentence.
```suggestion
```

> _Note_: There is a [known SPM issue](https://forums.swift.org/t/swift-package-binary-framework-issue/41922) for apps with extensions that use Swift Packages with binary dependencies (ex: BraintreeDropIn). You can read the report on Swift Forums and follow [this workaround](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in/issues/317#issuecomment-815005747).

Reviewer: Couple tweaks:
```suggestion
_Note_: There is a [known SPM issue](https://forums.swift.org/t/swift-package-binary-framework-issue/41922) for apps with app extensions that use Swift Packages with binary dependencies. The issue occurs when uploading a build to App Store Connect. You can read the report on Swift Forums and follow [this workaround](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in/issues/317#issuecomment-815005747).
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a similar note to the SPM guide in the base SDK
